
# Table of Contents

1.  [Table of content](#org73ce593)
2.  [Getting started with the project](#org28a396e)
    1.  [Installing client side](#org62e42dc)
    2.  [Installing server side](#org19b46fd)
3.  [Folder structure](#org26ee512)
    1.  [Images](#org8fb24f8)
    2.  [public](#orgc2ff899)
    3.  [server](#org01a9815)
    4.  [src](#orga75f045)
4.  [Example](#orgae15e54)
    1.  [A example database is included in the root folder of the project. exampleDatabase](#org4eb3397)
        1.  [For Installation follow the below steps:](#orgb1582cb)
    2.  [Account related info is in AccountsInfo](#org67dd81c)


<a id="org73ce593"></a>

# Table of content

1.  [2](#org28a396e)
    -   [2.1](#org62e42dc)
    -   [2.2](#org19b46fd)
2.  [3](#org26ee512)
    -   [3.1](#org8fb24f8)
    -   [3.2](#orgc2ff899)
    -   [3.3](#org01a9815)
    -   [3.4](#orga75f045)
3.  [4](#orgae15e54)


<a id="org28a396e"></a>

# Getting started with the project


<a id="org62e42dc"></a>

## Installing client side

root directory is the client side.

-   run npm install
    This will install all the required dependency for the project.
-   run npm start
    This will start the test server on the default browser.


<a id="org19b46fd"></a>

## Installing server side

root/server is the server side directory

-   run npm install
    This will install all the required dependency for the project.
-   run nodemon index
    This will run the server side for the client.


<a id="org26ee512"></a>

# Folder structure


<a id="org8fb24f8"></a>

## Images

This contains test images for the project


<a id="orgc2ff899"></a>

## public

This folder is auto generated by the react library

-   [index.html](public/index.html) this is the main html in which react append
    AJX code from the src folder.
-   [mainfest.json](public/manifest.json) this file contains all the meta data for
    the website including icons and sort name and other things.


<a id="org01a9815"></a>

## server

-   [db.js](server/db.js) this file creates the return the connection object for
    the database.
-   [index.js](server/index.js) this file contains the all the route required by the
    client to function properly.


<a id="orga75f045"></a>

## src

This folder has the all the components required for the front end.

-   [Assets](src/Assets)
    This folder contains assest required by react
-   [Components](src/Components)
    This is the place where all the components lives.
    -   [Med](src/Components/Med/)
        This directory contains all the things related to medicine and home page.
    -   [Profile](src/Components/Profile/)
        This directory contains all the components related to profile page like.
        1.  Changing user roles
        2.  Updating medicine contains
        3.  Adding Medicine
        4.  Changing password
        5.  Changing passphrase
    -   [Static](src/Components/Static/)
        This folder contains all the static things like
        1.  Loading page
        2.  Login page
        3.  Navbar
        4.  Sign up page


<a id="orgae15e54"></a>

# Example


<a id="org4eb3397"></a>

## A example database is included in the root folder of the project. [exampleDatabase](file:///rollingMeds.db)


<a id="orgb1582cb"></a>

### For Installation follow the below steps:

-   In MariaDB shell
    
        CREATE DATABASE rollingMeds;
-   In shell
    
        mysql -u root -p rollingMeds < ./rollingMeds.db


<a id="org67dd81c"></a>

## Account related info is in [AccountsInfo](AccountsInfo.json)

